The course JAPAN 210A is also known as Reading Scholarly Japanese for Students of Chinese and Korean (ID:125813). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by Wesley Jacobsen on Monday, Wednesday, Friday at 09:00AM-10:15AM. It was a graduate level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Arts and Humanities. The class description says <p>Development of skills in reading and translating academic genres of Japanese, with special attention to Japanese scholarship on Chinese and Korean studies. Introduction to old kana usage and classical forms commonly used in scholarly writing.</p>
The course US-WORLD 43 is also known as Ancestry (ID:203820). The class was taught in the spring 2019 semester by Maya Jasanoff on Monday, Wednesday at 0:00PM-1:15PM. It was a intro level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Social Sciences. The class description says <p>Everyone comes from somewhere. We carry our ancestries in our DNA, genealogy, family stories, and more. What do these forms of evidence tell us about who we are, as a species, as a social group, or as an individual? This course looks at ancestry from a range of perspectives: biology, anthropology, genealogy, history, law, and memory—from the origins of human populations to the origins of you. Features hands-on assignments and interactive lectures.</p>
The course RELIGION 57 is also known as Faith and Authenticity: Religion, Existentialism and the Human Condition (ID:109861). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by David Lamberth, Courtney Lamberth, Cornel West on Monday, Wednesday at 10:30AM-11:45AM. It was a intro level course and fulfilled the Gen Ed Requirement for Aesthetics & Culture, Divisional Distribution Requirement for Arts and Humanities. The class description says <p>This course engages some of the most fundamental questions of human existence through the philosophical, theological and literary works of 19th and 20th century authors many of whom are associated with the movement called “existentialism.” What is an authentic individual life? How does one find meaning in light of modern challenges to claims about the nature of God, revelation and the soul? Is religious faith compatible with an understanding of historicity and the threat of nihilism? With a life of integrity and freedom? Of what use are philosophical and theological reasoning in establishing meaning? This course introduces central questions in Western philosophy of religion through close reading of fundamental texts in existentialism with attention to selected philosophical and theological sources. The course focuses especially on the themes of authenticity and absurdity, finitude and death, faith and ambiguity, and the quest for freedom and responsibility.</p>
The course RELIGION 1255 is also known as Selected Works of Twentieth Century Jewish Theology (ID:119359). The class was taught in the spring 2019 semester by Jon Levenson on Tuesday, Thursday at 10:30AM-11:45AM. It was a undergrad level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Arts and Humanities. The class description says <p>A close reading of selected works of Jewish theology from the twentieth century, with special attention to the questions of God, Torah, and Israel in light of modernity the challenges and opportunities that it presents with regard to traditional Jewish practice, belief, and identity. Authors read will be drawn mostly from the following: Baeck, Buber, Rosenzweig, Kaplan, Soloveitchik, Heschel, Leibowitz, Fackenheim, and Wyschogrod. Jointly offered with the Divinity School as HDS 3668.</p>
The course ENGLISH 90RG is also known as Recognitions (ID:207583). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by James Simpson on Monday at 3:00PM-5:45PM. It was a intro level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Arts and Humanities. The class description says <p>What if originality were not what strikes us most forcefully in art? What, instead, if recognition of what and whom we have known already is the most emotionally forceful, illuminating experience of art? This course will test the force of these propositions, by looking to both visual art (painting and movies) and literature. We will look to rhetoric, cognitive psychology and philosophy in order to understand the artistic experience of recognition.  Texts will be drawn anywhere from Homer to <em>Shakespeare in Love</em>.</p>
The course SUMERIAN 210 is also known as Sumerian History (ID:118971). The class was taught in the spring 2019 semester by Piotr Steinkeller on Thursday at 1:30PM-2:45PM. It was a graduate level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Arts and Humanities. The class description says <p></p>

The course COMPSCI 50 is also known as Introduction to Computer Science (ID:152514). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by David Malan on Friday at 09:00AM-11:45AM. It was a intro level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Science and Engineering and Applied Science. The class description says <p>Introduction to the intellectual enterprises of computer science and the art of programming. This course teaches you how to think algorithmically and solve problems efficiently. Topics include abstraction, algorithms, data structures, encapsulation, resource management, security, software engineering, and web development. Languages include C, Python, SQL, and JavaScript plus CSS and HTML. Problem sets inspired by real-world domains of biology, cryptography, finance, forensics, and gaming. Designed for concentrators and non-concentrators alike, with or without prior programming experience. 68% of CS50 students have never taken CS before.</p>

The course ECON 1123 is also known as Introduction to Econometrics (ID:123033). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by James H. Stock on Monday, Wednesday at 09:00AM-10:15AM. It was a undergrad level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Social Sciences. The class description says <p>An introduction to multiple regression techniques with focus on economic applications. Discusses extensions to discrete response, panel data, and time series models, as well as issues such as omitted variables, missing data, sample selection, randomized and quasi-experiments, and instrumental variables. Also develops the ability to apply econometric and statistical methods using computer packages.</p>

The course COMPSCI 121 is also known as Introduction to Theoretical Computer Science (ID:119064). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by Boaz Barak on Tuesday, Thursday at 10:30AM-11:45AM. It was a undergrad level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Science and Engineering and Applied Science. The class description says <p>Computation occurs over a variety of substrates including silicon, neurons, DNA, the stock market, bee colonies and many others. In this course we will study the fundamental capabilities and limitations of computation, including the phenomenon of universality and the duality of code and data. Some of the questions we will touch upon include: Are there functions that cannot be computed? Are there true mathematical statements that can’t be proven? Are there encryption schemes that can’t be broken? Is randomness ever useful for computing? Can we use the quirks of quantum mechanics to speed up computation?</p>

The course APMTH 205 is also known as Advanced Scientific Computing: Numerical Methods (ID:110684). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by Christopher Rycroft on Tuesday, Thursday at 10:30AM-11:45AM. It was a graduate level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Science and Engineering and Applied Science. The class description says <p>An examination of the mathematical foundations of a range of well-established numerical algorithms, exploring their use through practical examples drawn from a range of scientific and engineering disciplines. Emphasizes theory and numerical analysis to elucidate the concepts that underpin each algorithm. There will be a significant programming component. Students will be expected to implement a range of numerical methods through individual and group-based project work to get hands-on experience with modern scientific computing.</p>

The course ENGLISH CVB is also known as Fiction Writing: Workshop (ID:203265). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by Laura van den Berg on Thursday at 09:00AM-11:45AM. It was a intro level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Arts and Humanities. The class description says <p>This course will serve as an introduction to the fundamentals of writing fiction. The initial weeks will focus on assigned readings—you can expect to encounter works by Edward P. Jones, Helen Oyeyemi, Joy Williams, Yoko Ogawa, and others—and short exercises. The readings will give us a lens through which to explore character, structure, time, point of view, etc, and will inform the workshop dialogues that follow. Later in the term, your own fiction will serve as the primary text as the focus shifts to the creation and revision of original work.</p>

The course ENGLISH 90NB is also known as Nabokov Novels in English (ID:130685). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by Glenda Carpio on Wednesday at 3:00PM-5:45PM. It was a intro level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Arts and Humanities. The class description says <p>This course explores Nabokov&#39;s vision of art, testing its limits and possibilities through the novels that he wrote in English from <em>The Real Life of Sebastian Knight</em> (1941) through <em>Ada or Ardor: A Family Chronicle</em> (1969) and selected criticism.</p>

The course ENGLISH 185E is also known as The Essay: History and Practice (ID:207555). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by James Wood on Monday, Wednesday at 0:00PM-1:15PM. It was a undergrad level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Arts and Humanities. The class description says <p>Matthew Arnold famously said that poetry is, at bottom, “a criticism of life.” But if any literary form is truly a criticism of life, it is the essay. And yet despite the fact that all students write essays, most students rarely study them; bookshops and libraries categorize such work only negatively, by what it is not: “non-fiction.” At the same time, the essay is at present one of the most productive and fertile of literary forms. It is practiced as memoir, reportage, diary, criticism, and sometimes all four at once. Novels are becoming more essayistic, while essays are borrowing conventions and prestige from fiction. This class will disinter the essay from its comparative academic neglect, and examine the vibrant contemporary borderland between the reported and the invented. We will study the history of the essay, from Montaigne to the present day. Rather than study that history purely chronologically, each class will group several essays from different decades and centuries around common themes: death, detail, sentiment, race, gender, photography, the city, witness, and so on. In addition to writing about essays – writing critical essays about essays – students will also be encouraged to write their own creative essays: we will study the history of the form, and practice the form itself. Essayists likely to be studied: Plutarch, Montaigne, Hazlitt, De Quincey, Woolf, Benjamin, Orwell, Camus, Primo Levi, Barthes, Baldwin, Sontag, Dyer, Didion, Leslie Jamison, Knausgaard, Ta-Nehisi Coates.</p>

The course ENGLISH CBBR is also known as Intermediate Poetry: Workshop (ID:146632). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by Joshua Bell on Tuesday at 6:00PM-8:45PM. It was a intro level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Arts and Humanities. The class description says <p>Initially, students can expect to read, discuss, and imitate the strategies of a wide range of poets writing in English; to investigate and reproduce prescribed forms and poetic structures; and to engage in writing exercises meant to expand the conception of what a poem is and can be. As the course progresses, reading assignments will be tailored on an individual basis, and an increasing amount of time will be spent in discussion of student work.</p>

The course ENGLISH CHCR is also known as Advanced Poetry: Workshop (ID:130000). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by Joshua Bell on Monday at 3:00PM-5:45PM. It was a intro level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Arts and Humanities. The class description says <p>By guided reading, classroom discussion, one on one conference, and formal and structural experimentation, members of the Advanced Poetry Workshop will look to hone, deepen, and challenge the development of their poetic inquiry and aesthetic. Students will be required to write and submit one new poem each week and to perform in-depth, weekly critiques of their colleagues&#39; work.</p>

The course ENGLISH CNFR is also known as Creative Nonfiction: Workshop (ID:145426). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by Darcy Frey on Wednesday at 3:00PM-5:45PM. It was a intro level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Arts and Humanities. The class description says <p>Whether in essay, memoir or reportage, creative nonfiction employs many of the same literary techniques as fiction: narrative structure, character development, scene-setting, extended dialogue, emphasis on voice and point of view. In addition to workshopping student writing, we discuss examples of the genre by writers such as Virginia Woolf, William Maxwell, Joan Didion, and John McPhee. Assignments include two 10-15 page narratives, an extensive revision, and typed critiques of classmates&#39; work.</p>

The course ENGLISH CAJR is also known as Journalism in the Age of Trump: Workshop (ID:205147). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by Jill Abramson on Wednesday at 0:00PM-2:45PM. It was a intro level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Arts and Humanities. The class description says <p>At its heart, journalism is a truth-seeking exercise based on reported facts, careful collection of evidence from witnesses, and reasoned, dispassionate analysis. The editing and presentation of stories should honor the intelligence of readers and the audience. The journalist is not a combatant in the story. But these time-honored traditions are under assault like never before. President Trump’s declared war on “fake news,” his attacks on the press as “enemies of the people” as well as secular changes in technology and the ways in which the news is produced and delivered have combined to undermine the very notion of truth. The class will closely study the role of social media in spreading information, including false stories. We will chart the rise of a more ideological press. We will spend the semester examining these developments, their effects on journalism, and their consequences for democracy.</p><p>Writing assignments will include weekly essays examining the core issues at stake in the battle for the truth, compilation of a narrative based on real documents in the Russia investigation and a major, written exercise where students will propose ways that truth can be preserved and protected in journalism.</p><p>Readings will include classics, such as Richard Hofstadter’s Paranoid Style in American Politics, George Orwell’s 1984 and Michiko Kakutani’s new book, The Death of Truth. In class, we will watch the documentary series “The Fourth Estate,” and examine nightly news clips from Fox News, MSNBC and CNN. We will examine the key legal documents in the federal investigation of Russian interference in the election and study how they were reported. There will be guest speakers, including the journalists who cover the Trump White House, the Mueller investigation and new projects promoting truth in the news.</p>

The course ENGLISH 148 is also known as Modern Monsters in Literature and Film (ID:130892). The class was taught in the fall 2018 semester by Deidre Lynch on Monday, Wednesday at 0:00PM-1:15PM. It was a undergrad level course and fulfilled the Divisional Distribution Requirement for Arts and Humanities. The class description says <p>A class on the aesthetics and cultural politics of the Gothic tradition, from <em>Frankenstein</em> to <em>Freaks</em>. How has this tradition&#39;s fascination with those who come back from the dead mediated social anxieties about the generation of life or the lifelike? We&#39;ll consider vampire and other monster fictions by such authors as John Polidori, Mary Shelley, Sheridan Le Fanu, Bram Stoker, Mary Elizabeth Braddon, Robert Louis Stevenson, and Gaston Leroux. We&#39;ll conclude the semester with an investigation of early horror cinema, exploring how the modern medium of cinema gave Gothic preoccupations with the animation of the dead a new lease on life.</p>

